(OPENING THEME PLAYING)
(SIGHS) What a beautiful
Easter morning.
As he does every year,
the Easter Bunny
has hidden a variety
of Easter eggs
across the yard.
Ooh! The plastic eggs of color
with the candy yolks!
Now, the Easter Bunny
has gone to great lengths
to hide these eggs
in plain sight.
Be on the lookout for them,
poking out from behind bushes,
sitting inside
the groove of a tire swing
or lying in the
not-so-tall grass.
What are we waiting for?
Let's do this!
Ooh! Ooh!
Oh.
Come on, come on, come on,
where are the eggs?
Oh! Oh!
Oh.
Ha! Oh.
Huh! Huh!
Oh, man!
-Hmm.
-Ooh! Ohh!
Uh, uh, guys, I found one!
Ooh!
Wait, never mind.
It's a dog poop.
STARFIRE: (EXCLAIMS)
Look.
I found one egg
that the Bunny Easter
neglected to color.
(CHOKES AND COUGHS)
That was not the Easter egg.
(CHIRPS)
Maybe instead of candy eggs,
the Easter Bunny hid dog poops
and tiny birds.
Well, I'll collect tiny birds
but I'm not collecting
dog poops.
Titans! I've scoured
every inch of the island.
There is not
a single Easter egg.
In fact, there is no evidence
that the Easter Bunny
was here at all.
(ALL GASP)
No Easter eggs?
No Easter baskets?
No rabbits encased
in the chocolates?
-Lots of dog poops!
-(BUZZING)
Titans, I fear
something terrible
has happened
to the holiday hare.
And if we don't find him,
Easter will be ruined!
Titans, go!
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
I just realized I have no idea
where we're going.
Does anyone know where the
Easter Bunny lives?
Ah, uh, a hole in the ground?
Yes, but where?
Uh, Easter Island?
That place has nothing to do
with Easter!
How is it we know every detail
about Santa,
how much he weighs,
his facial skin conditions,
the occasional ups and downs
with his wife.
Yet, we know nothing about
the Easter Bunny.
I think he has pink fur
and hangs out with
baby marshmallow chickens.
BEAST BOY:  Doesn't he like
wear a vest or something?
RAVEN:  I imagine he
is the half-man half-rabbit.
And lays the Easter eggs
we eat.
Uh, that's disgusting, Star.
-Keep those
thoughts to yourself.
-I apologize.
All right, new plan!
Since our intel
on the Easter Bunny
is limited.
I've rounded up a few of his
known holiday associates.
Even if they know
where the bunny is,
who says they'll talk?
They'll talk.
Listen, here, you fat baby.
Tell us where
the Easter Bunny is
and we'll go easy on you.
(GIGGLES)
Ow! Ah!
Please, do you really
think your love arrows
will have an effect on us?
I mean, look at Cyborg.
He's so big and so strong.
You think so?
♪ I've got something
on my mind
♪ It's hard to let it show ♪
All right, Cupid,
cough up the info
on the bunny,
and you can go home.
Although, who would want to
with these good-looking
guys around?
♪ Thinking about you
all the time
♪ Maybe you should know ♪
Guys, we're losing focus.
Huddle up.
Huddle closer.
A little more.
ROBIN: That's it.
(BABY GIGGLES)
We will be engaging
in the talks with you
in one moment,
President of the
United States, Washington.
Let's do this
good cop, bad cop style.
Agreed.
All right, Washington,
as a representative
of President's Day,
you must know where this
rabbit is.
I don't know.
(SCREAMS)
Where is the bunny?
I said, "Where is the bunny?"
-(FIGHT SOUNDS)
-(WASHINGTON GROANING)
Look me in the eyes
and tell me the truth.
We'll try,
but we got
lost in those eyes, bruh.
We don't ever want
to find our way out.
All right, turkey,
have you seen this rabbit?
(GOBBLES)
It is time to talk
the turkey!
It is fun to do the role-play.
Did you get anything?
All we found was comfort
in each other's arms.
(SIGHS)
So, it's a dead end?
These low level
holiday mascots are useless.
We have to go
straight to the top!
Santa!
♪ All hail the
jolly fat man ♪
Ho-ho-ho!
What brings you
to the North Pole, Titans?
It's the Easter Bunny.
He's gone missing.
Hmm.
Honestly, I'm not surprised.
Between you and me, I hear,
he is gone kind of...
(TEETH CLICKING)
You know...
We don't. Tell us.
You know.
We don't.
We really don't, Santa.
You know!
We don't know!
You know.
No, we don't know.
-You know.
-No.
We do not.
You know.
Oh.
I know.
The Easter will be ruined.
All those poor children.
No eggs to hunt,
no baskets to enjoy.
Oh, perhaps I
could help deliver
Easter goodies.
But you're so busy
making toys for Christmas.
True, true.
The holidays seem
to come sooner every year.
Still, it breaks
Santa's heart,
to think of sad,
eggless boys and girls.
This is too much
to ask of you, Santa.
I deliver presents every year.
How hard can eggs be?
I'll do it.
(ALL CHEER)
(BELLS RINGING)
Ho-ho-ho!
(ALARM RINGS)
Titans, it's time for the...
Egg hunt!
Ah, so much Easter candy!
I'm going to eat
this bunny's badonkadonk!
And I am eating
it's badonkaface!
This is the greatest
Easter ever!
And look, it all has
the wonderful Christmas style.
Well, if Santa keeps this up,
it'll be Christmas year round.
(GIGGLES)
Christmas year round?
Oh, no.
Cyborg, Starfire.
Get those badonkadonks
and faces out of your mouth.
We're all going
back to the North Pole!
Santa saved Easter, Robin.
Why are you bringing us back
to the North Pole?
Because I have a hunch
that the Easter Bunny
has been under our noses
this whole time.
Uh.
Just as I thought.
Santa's been
kidnapping holidays,
so he can take them over.
(SINISTER LAUGHTER)
Found my little secret,
have we?
Why Santa?
Why did you do all this?
Because I'm Santa Claus,
and I should control Easter.
I should control
every holiday.
Valentine's Day
should be mine.
Thanksgiving mine.
President's Day,
Arbor Day, Hanukkah,
Cinco de Mayo.
That one, with the costumes,
where you eat the cookies
with three corners, you know.
-Purim?
-Purim should be mine!
-You're a mad man!
-Am I?
I've already got people
putting up
Christmas decorations
before Halloween.
Soon, I'll control
the entire
holiday calendar!
-Cool.
-It's not cool, Beast Boy.
I'm sorry, Santa.
But we can't let you do this.
(MANIACAL LAUGHTER)
(DING)
Your little gang here,
can't possibly
defeat me.
You're right, Santa.
We'd never be able to
stop you ourselves.
That's why we're
enlisting some help.
Go!
Freedom Shield!
(GOBBLES)
(GLASS BREAKS)
(BABY CRIES)
-Ho-ho!
-Bring it!
-Patriot Punch!
-Oh!
America Kick!
Constitutional Crunch!
Oh!
You're going
to pay for your crimes, Santa.
You can't do this to me.
I'm Santa Claus.
I see you
when you're sleeping.
I know when you're awake.
Save it for the judge!
Now, let's get you
out of there.
Oh.
Happy Easter, everyone.
(ALL GROAN)
That's disgusting.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)